Added file lock notes. (#1719)
MicrosoftDocs/SCCMdocs: sccm/protect/deploy-use/endpoint-antimalware-policies.md

**Allow extended cloud check to block and scan for up to (seconds)** - Specifies the number of seconds Cloud Protection Service can block a file while the service checks that the file is not known to be malicious.

> [!NOTE]  

> > The number of seconds selected for this setting will be in addition to a 10-second timeout built in to the product.  Example: if you enter 0 seconds, CSP will be able to lock the file for up to 10 seconds.

Reviewer: A rewording suggestion for style:

```suggestion
> The number of seconds that you select for this setting is in addition to a default 10-second timeout. For example, if you enter 0 seconds, the Cloud Protection Service blocks the file for 10 seconds.
```

Author: Thanks, yours definitely sounds much better.
